hey everybody alright so I'm gonna do
another review on another melody Susie
wig and yes I'm doing them all probably
back to back we shall see
but again comes in a little box this one
is melody susie new women's glamour hair
wig fashion and then here's the number
again it's going to come with a little
wire comb wire comb that looks like this
the black netting the black netting the
wig cap in a regular package
all right so again another really long
way like he's a really nice long wig
curl on this one is a little bit more
bouncy curls I would say he would see
but back up a little bit you can see
this better still the same construction
with the hair part that all comes to the
top of the head with the bang these
bangs look a little longer and a little
curlier so we'll see how that works
again this hair color is stinking
gorgeous really really nice brown color
with highlights in it and looks really
natural so I'm gonna go ahead and put it
on and we'll take a look at how it looks
so alright give me a second I'll be
right back
alright so I'm gonna go ahead and put it
on I start with this upside down on my
lap so I'm sitting and I'm gonna put the
top of it right along my forehead and
kind of use that too as a pressure point
to pull it back over the back of my head
I'm going to do that now
and then I just try to get it I dressed
it on top of my head
that's as possible
so so far the bang on this one is a lot
better I'm gonna go this is just like
quickly putting it on I'm gonna go play
with it in the mirror a little bit
because the camera is backwards and try
to get it just situated just right and
I'll be right back then we'll take a
look at what it really looks like
alright guys so this is what the part
looks like with like a side-swept bang
I'm gonna back up and give you an idea
of how long it is let me pull more to
the front pull it all for the front and
good idea
super long super curly it's super sexy
nice and hot show you the bag yeah so
this one has a decent um the bang is not
so thick I think a little bit more
playing I mean once you get out of the
box it's kind of it needs some time to
relax but this one looks pretty dang
good um so I will mess around with it
some more I am getting some tangling
with these but it's that's to be
expected with synthetic I have never had
a synthetic wig I didn't pingle so um be
careful with it it's very long so the
longer it is the harder it is gonna be
to keep untangled
um don't play with it which is so hard
for me because I love playing with my
hair this comb is actually pretty decent
it's kind of like it's like really
kiddush kind of cute though um it this
wire comb like this is gonna really help
with like getting um getting any snarls
and tangles out I'm not gonna comb it
right now too much it doesn't even need
it and I'm just gonna make it worse um
so yeah this is this one I really really
do like this one this color is gorgeous
I think it's a little bit different than
the last one this has a tiny bit more
red in it when you look at it like up
close and personal
um but overall it's like a nice like
medium brown with some really nice
highlights and it's it's really helpful
to kind of make it look more realistic
um I'll probably keep playing with a
bang a little bit more here and there
just try to get it to look the most
natural that I can this one again it's
because of the bang you can put it in a
low ponytail it have to be low and/or
possibly like if you put it up you kind
of gather the hair and a clip you could
probably could do that but this hair is
so long like it's gonna be ginormous so
and you don't want to mess with the
fibers that much in my opinion you want
it you want it to kind of do its thing
so these wigs are super affordable on
Amazon they range from like eleven
dollars to like eighteen and only you're
gonna pay more than twenty dollars for
them um so as far as the quality is
concerned like it's gonna be a good wig
for you if you're just gonna wear it for
like a couple months or so and for 20
bucks you really can't go wrong with
this I'll kind of test it through some
other things maybe Flatiron it a little
bit it says not to Flatiron it which so
just remember that these melody Susie's
right now all the ones I have say do not
put a flat iron our curling iron on them
I love putting a little heat on it to
help any tangles and things like that
when it starts getting really bad so
what I think I might do is just take a
little bit of the hair and just test it
and I will let you know how that goes
with low low low heat but again don't
put a curling iron or flat iron on these
wigs is what it says I like to be evil
and try things out on my own so anyway
this wig is gorgeous I love this one
it's gonna be a good just kind of going
around having fun it's not necessarily
gonna be like a wig that I would wear
every single day as to like make it look
like I do not have a hair loss problem
that I have but it's gonna be more like
a fun wig and it's really sexy and
really I mean it's just a lot of fun so
I think I've said the word fun like 20
times so
kind of take that to heart but I will do
another video here on the next week that
they sent me and show you all the little
different looks that you guys can
achieve what these melody Susy wigs so
so far so good so alright guys I'll talk
to you later bye